The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2012, 2014 Tatsuhiro Tsujikawa

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

[The text below was composed based on 1.2. License section of
curl/libcurl project.]

When contributing with code, you agree to put your changes and new
code under the same license nghttp2 is already using unless stated and
agreed otherwise.

When changing existing source code, you do not alter the copyright of
the original file(s).  The copyright will still be owned by the
original creator(s) or those who have been assigned copyright by the
original author(s).

By submitting a patch to the nghttp2 project, you are assumed to have
the right to the code and to be allowed by your employer or whatever
to hand over that patch/code to us.  We will credit you for your
changes as far as possible, to give credit but also to keep a trace
back to who made what changes.  Please always provide us with your
full real name when contributing!
